Apple sells nine million iPhones on just
their opening weekend microsoft
announces their new surface 2 and
surface pro tablets and yes blackberry
just found the new buyer but it's not
what you think I'm high memory that I
and trust me the fact that I see the Sun
every day and that we only get one
Sunday every week just doesn't make
sense but this is pocket out daily let's
say off with the official news I mean
for those of you thinking that Apple
products are doing well think again the
company has now broken another sales
record with the iphone selling 9 million
units on their opening weekend which
pretty much breaks the record of last
year's five million iPhones on opening
weekend and also trashes the record set
by the galaxy s3 in the galaxy s4 in the
past that's obvious that the iphone has
sold in staggering numbers even though
we still don't know how many of these
were iphone 5 s's or 5 c's or 4 s's you
know this part of apple strategy so
obviously right now if you're interested
in iphone the iphone 5s is gonna be hard
to find but again stay tuned Apple is
building them as fast as they can
according to Tim Cook now and even more
interesting news the Oppo n1 got
announced and stop looking at me like
that if you don't know what Oh for the
n1 is I don't blame you but as it turns
out this is the first ever smartphone to
launch with cyanogenmod out of the box
yes you won't have to root it you won't
have to do anything and judging by the
specifications on this thing this is
gonna be a real beast of a phone
hopefully you'll come to the United
States apparently in December and as it
turns out that's not the only hot thing
about this phone you actually get a
flipping camera at the back meaning you
remember those dumb phones I think those
were sanyo's or samsung phones like 10
years ago that had a flipping camera
well now you get the same option so no
more need for ugly selfies so stay tuned
for that now a news that we still don't
know what to make about blackberry has
just confirmed that Fairfax financials
plans to buy it for four point seven
billion dollars and now this is not like
when HP bought palm and killed webos
this is more like the company going
private meaning they'll have more
liberties to innovate because they won't
have to deal with a board of directors
or with a stock price or anything of the
sort though obviously it's still hard to
know if that's the real intention and
yeah for those of you that were wanting
to get BBM over the weekend on Android
iOS man that was terrible I had some
terrible malware experiences on Android
so just fires beware if they ever pull
that out in the future and yeah 4.7
billion dollars that's really sad now
I've got some cool rumors of a new Nokia
Lumia 929 being teased or verizon and
what makes this device so special is
that it actually points to be more of a
Lumia 1520 variant meaning this will be
a phablet and to make matters even
hotter this device will sport a 20
megapixel camera apparently and yeah we
do know that nokia does know how to make
a good camera so obviously we are
waiting to see what we get from both the
929 of the lumia 1520 so stay tuned for
more rumors coming soon and finally for
the hot news of the day Microsoft has
just announced their two new surface
tablets the surface 2 in the new surface
pro and you're asking why is this hot of
these two tablets look identical to the
previous year's models that actually
flopped well as it turns out the
internals on these tablets are just
top-notch they are probably the best
tablets you're going to be able to buy
in the market though we still have to
test them obviously that was the biggest
problem with the first generation
surface tablets so we'll keep you posted
as soon as our review units arrive and
we'll tell you just what to expect about
these devices but yeah monster internals
actually people are saying that these
tablets are much lighter than the
previous ones even if they carry you
know the same design you got new touch
covers new everything so anyways that
leads you to the question of the day you
know what these changes in the surface
lineup are you interested in any of this
the surface 2 or the surface pro
honestly in my case I do incline myself
to the surface pro but then again I
don't see that as my only device because
obviously I do need a laptop for a lot
more things I need a bigger display but
then again I know this is a perfect
productivity tool for a lot of people
though probably not for me especially
not at that price so leave us a comment
down below what would you consider these
two tablets would you buy one friends is
always for an earlier scoop of
everything that's happening in the
smartphone and toppled make sure you
follow us on PocketNow comment subscribe
to our youtube channel as well it also
follow me on Twitter and I'm elders
quarterly data please give this video
thumbs up if you liked what you saw I am
high metal iveta thank you very much for
watching see you tomorrow